README.md, before:

# indexed-db

Bindings for IndexedDB, that default transaction to aborting.

## Why yet another IndexedDB crate?

As of the time of my writing this crate, the alternatives have the default IndexedDB behavior of transaction committing. This is because IndexedDB transactions have strange committing semantics: they commit as soon as the application returns to the event loop without an ongoing request.

This crate forces your transactions to respect the IndexedDB requirements, so as to make it possible to abort transactions upon errors, rather than having them auto-commit.

## Error handling

This crate uses an `Error<Err>` type. The `Err` generic argument is present on basically all the structs exposed by this crate. It is the type of users in code surrounding `indexed-db` usage, for convenience.

In particular, if you ever want to recover one of your own errors (of type `Err`) that went through `indexed-db` code, you should just match the error with `Error::User(_)`, and you will be able to recover your own error details.

On the other hand, when one of your callbacks wants to return an error of your own type through `indexed-db`, it can just use the `From<Err> for Error<Err>` implementation. This is done automatically by the `?` operator, or can be done manually for explicit returns with `return Err(e.into());`.

## Example

```rust
use anyhow::Context;
use indexed_db::Factory;
use web_sys::js_sys::JsString;

async fn example() -> anyhow::Result<()> {
    // Obtain the database builder
    // This database builder will let us easily use custom errors of type
    // `std::io::Error`.
    let factory = Factory::<std::io::Error>::get().context("opening IndexedDB")?;

    // Open the database, creating it if needed
    let db = factory
        .open("database", 1, |evt| async move {
            let db = evt.database();
            let store = db.build_object_store("store").auto_increment().create()?;

            // You can also add objects from this callback
            store.add(&JsString::from("foo")).await?;

            Ok(())
        })
        .await
        .context("creating the 'database' IndexedDB")?;

    // In a transaction, add two records
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .rw()
        .run(|t| async move {
            let store = t.object_store("store")?;
            store.add(&JsString::from("bar")).await?;
            store.add(&JsString::from("baz")).await?;
            Ok(())
        })
        .await?;

    // In another transaction, read the first record
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .run(|t| async move {
            let data = t.object_store("store")?.get_all(Some(1)).await?;
            if data.len() != 1 {
                Err(std::io::Error::new(
                    std::io::ErrorKind::Other,
                    "Unexpected data length",
                ))?;
            }
            Ok(())
        })
        .await?;

    // If we return `Err` (or panic) from a transaction, then it will abort
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .rw()
        .run(|t| async move {
            let store = t.object_store("store")?;
            store.add(&JsString::from("quux")).await?;
            if store.count().await? > 3 {
                // Oops! In this example, we have 4 items by this point
                Err(std::io::Error::new(
                    std::io::ErrorKind::Other,
                    "Too many objects in store",
                ))?;
            }
            Ok(())
        })
        .await
        .unwrap_err();

    // And no write will have happened
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .run(|t| async move {
            let num_items = t.object_store("store")?.count().await?;
            assert_eq!(num_items, 3);
            Ok(())
        })
        .await?;

    // More complex example: using cursors to iterate over a store
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .run(|t| async move {
            let mut all_items = Vec::new();
            let mut cursor = t.object_store("store")?.cursor().open().await?;
            while let Some(value) = cursor.value() {
                all_items.push(value);
                cursor.advance(1).await?;
            }
            assert_eq!(all_items.len(), 3);
            assert_eq!(all_items[0], **JsString::from("foo"));
            Ok(())
        })
        .await?;

    Ok(())
}
```

Commit message:

explain in docs the multi-threaded executor woes that led to the release of 0.4.0

README.md, after:

# indexed-db

Bindings for IndexedDB, that default transaction to aborting and can work multi-threaded.

## Why yet another IndexedDB crate?

As of the time of my writing this crate, the alternatives have the default IndexedDB behavior of transaction committing. This is because IndexedDB transactions have strange committing semantics: they commit as soon as the application returns to the event loop without an ongoing request.

This crate forces your transactions to respect the IndexedDB requirements, so as to make it possible to abort transactions upon errors, rather than having them auto-commit.

Incidentally, this crate, at the time of publishing version 0.4.0, is the only IndexedDB crate that works fine under the multi-threaded executor of `wasm-bindgen`. You can find all the details in [this thread](https://github.com/rustwasm/wasm-bindgen/issues/3798).

## Error handling

This crate uses an `Error<Err>` type. The `Err` generic argument is present on basically all the structs exposed by this crate. It is the type of users in code surrounding `indexed-db` usage, for convenience.

In particular, if you ever want to recover one of your own errors (of type `Err`) that went through `indexed-db` code, you should just match the error with `Error::User(_)`, and you will be able to recover your own error details.

On the other hand, when one of your callbacks wants to return an error of your own type through `indexed-db`, it can just use the `From<Err> for Error<Err>` implementation. This is done automatically by the `?` operator, or can be done manually for explicit returns with `return Err(e.into());`.

## Example

```rust
use anyhow::Context;
use indexed_db::Factory;
use web_sys::js_sys::JsString;

async fn example() -> anyhow::Result<()> {
    // Obtain the database builder
    // This database builder will let us easily use custom errors of type
    // `std::io::Error`.
    let factory = Factory::<std::io::Error>::get().context("opening IndexedDB")?;

    // Open the database, creating it if needed
    let db = factory
        .open("database", 1, |evt| async move {
            let db = evt.database();
            let store = db.build_object_store("store").auto_increment().create()?;

            // You can also add objects from this callback
            store.add(&JsString::from("foo")).await?;

            Ok(())
        })
        .await
        .context("creating the 'database' IndexedDB")?;

    // In a transaction, add two records
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .rw()
        .run(|t| async move {
            let store = t.object_store("store")?;
            store.add(&JsString::from("bar")).await?;
            store.add(&JsString::from("baz")).await?;
            Ok(())
        })
        .await?;

    // In another transaction, read the first record
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .run(|t| async move {
            let data = t.object_store("store")?.get_all(Some(1)).await?;
            if data.len() != 1 {
                Err(std::io::Error::new(
                    std::io::ErrorKind::Other,
                    "Unexpected data length",
                ))?;
            }
            Ok(())
        })
        .await?;

    // If we return `Err` (or panic) from a transaction, then it will abort
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .rw()
        .run(|t| async move {
            let store = t.object_store("store")?;
            store.add(&JsString::from("quux")).await?;
            if store.count().await? > 3 {
                // Oops! In this example, we have 4 items by this point
                Err(std::io::Error::new(
                    std::io::ErrorKind::Other,
                    "Too many objects in store",
                ))?;
            }
            Ok(())
        })
        .await
        .unwrap_err();

    // And no write will have happened
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .run(|t| async move {
            let num_items = t.object_store("store")?.count().await?;
            assert_eq!(num_items, 3);
            Ok(())
        })
        .await?;

    // More complex example: using cursors to iterate over a store
    db.transaction(&["store"])
        .run(|t| async move {
            let mut all_items = Vec::new();
            let mut cursor = t.object_store("store")?.cursor().open().await?;
            while let Some(value) = cursor.value() {
                all_items.push(value);
                cursor.advance(1).await?;
            }
            assert_eq!(all_items.len(), 3);
            assert_eq!(all_items[0], **JsString::from("foo"));
            Ok(())
        })
        .await?;

    Ok(())
}
```
